setting up bundle analysis in components (#2834)
CoorpAcademy/components: packages/@coorpacademy-components/README.md

Error when trying to launch the storybook:

Try to delete your ```node_modules```, go to the project's root and launch: ```yarn```

## Generating a Bundle Analyzer Report

> To help you understand the content of your webpack bundle and optimize it, we have integrated a new command that generates a webpack bundle analysis report. This feature is powered by `webpack-bundle-analyzer`, which visualizes the size of webpack output files with an interactive zoomable treemap.
> 
> ### How to Generate the Report
> 
> To generate the bundle analyzer report, run the following command in your terminal:
> 
> ```sh
> npm run build:stats

Reviewer: More concise doc :pray:
```suggestion
To check the content of the bundle and optimize it if needed, we sat up `webpack-bundle-analyzer`, which generate a bundle analysis report. This visualizes the size of webpack output files with an interactive zoomable treemap.

To generate it, just run `npm run build:stats`. 
```

(et eventuellement ajoute la capture)
